---
layout: post
title: "Repairing Shoddy Code"
pubDate: 2016-12-08
author: "Alexander Garber"
tags: []
---

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on">
        <div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on">
        </div>

        <div>
          <h1> style="text-align: left;"&gt;Original, Shoddy Code</h1>
<br>
          <pre class="brush:ruby">module Ex2<br>  # This function will break up words for us.<br>  def Ex25.brak_words(stuff<br>    words = stuff.split(' ')<br>    return word<br>  end<br><br>  # Sorts the words.<br>  def Ex25.sortwords(words)<br>    return words.sort<br>  end<br><br>  # Prints the first word after popping it off.<br>  df Ex25.print_first_word(words)<br>    word = words.pop(1)<br>    puts wor<br>  end<br><br>  # Prints the last word after popping it off.<br>  def Ex25:print_last_word(words)<br>    word = words.pop<br>    put word<br>  end<br><br>  # Takes in a full sentence and returns the sorted words.<br>  def Ex25.sort_sentence(sentence)<br>    words = Ex25.break_words(sentence)<br>    return Ex25.sort_words(words)<br>  ed<br><br>  # Prints the first and last words of the sentence.<br>  def Ex25.print_first_and_last(sentence<br>    words = Ex25.break_words(sentenc)<br>    Ex25.print_first_wrd(word)<br>    Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>  end<br><br>  # Sorts the words then prints the first and last one.<br>  def Ex25.print_first_and_last_sorted(sentence)<br>    words = Ex25.sort_sentence(sentence)<br>    Ex25.print_fist_word(words)<br>    Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>  end<br><br><br><br>puts "Let's practice everything."<br>puts 'You
d need to know 
bout escapes with \ that do \n newlines and \t tabs.'<br><br>poem = &amp;lt&amp;ltEND<br>\tThe lovely world<br>with logic so firmly planted<br>cannot discern \n the needs of love<br>nor comprehend passion from intuition<br>and requires an explanation<br>\n\t\twhere there is none.<br>ENDED<br><br>puts "--------------"<br>puts poem<br>puts "--------------"<br><br><br>five = 10 - 2  3 - 6<br>puts "This should be five: #{five"<br><br>def secret_formula(started)<br>  jelly_bens = started * 500<br>  jars = jelly_beans / 1000<br>  crate = jars / 100<br>  return jelly_beans, jars, crates<br>end<br><br><br>start_point = 10000<br>beans, jars crates = secret_formula(start_point)<br><br>puts "With a starting point of: #{start_point}"<br>puts "We'd have #{beans beans, #{jars} jars, and #{crates} crates."<br><br>start_point = start_point / 10<br><br>sentence = "All good things come to those who wait."<br>words = Ex25.break_words(sentence)<br>sorted_words = Ex25.sort_words(words)<br>Ex25.print_first_word(wrds)<br>Ex25.print_last_word words)<br>Ex25.print_first_word(sort_words)<br>Ex25.print_last_word(sorted_words)<br>sorted_words = Ex25.sort_sentenc(sentence)<br>Ex25.print_first_and_last(sentence)<br>Ex25:print_first_and_last_sorted(sentence)<br></pre>
        </div>

        <div>
          <h1> style="text-align: left;"&gt;Fresh, Clean Code</h1>
        </div>

        <pre class="brush:ruby"># Import the module Ex25 and define the functions<br><br>module Ex25<br><br>  # This function will break up words for us.<br>  def Ex25.break_words(stuff)<br>    words = stuff.split(' ')<br>    return words<br>  end<br><br>  # Sorts the words.<br>  def Ex25.sort_words(words)<br>    return words.sort<br>  end<br><br>  # Prints the first word after popping it off.<br>  def Ex25.print_first_word(words)<br>    word = words.shift<br>    puts word<br>  end<br><br>  # Prints the last word after popping it off.<br>  def Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>    word = words.pop<br>    puts word<br>  end<br><br>  # Takes in a full sentence and returns the sorted words.<br>  def Ex25.sort_sentence(sentence)<br>    words = Ex25.break_words(sentence)<br>    return Ex25.sort_words(words)<br>  end<br><br>  # Prints the first and last words of the sentence.<br>  def Ex25.print_first_and_last(sentence)<br>    words = Ex25.break_words(sentence)<br>    Ex25.print_first_word(words)<br>    Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>  end<br><br>  # Sorts the words then prints the first and last one.<br>  def Ex25.print_first_and_last_sorted(sentence)<br>    words = Ex25.sort_sentence(sentence)<br>    Ex25.print_first_word(words)<br>    Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>  end<br>end<br><br># Execute the functions defined from module Ex25<br><br>sentence = "All good things come to those who wait."<br>words = Ex25.break_words(sentence)<br>sorted_words = Ex25.sort_words(words)<br>Ex25.print_first_word(words)<br>Ex25.print_last_word(words)<br>Ex25.print_first_word(sorted_words)<br>Ex25.print_last_word(sorted_words)<br>sorted_words = Ex25.sort_sentence(sentence)<br>Ex25.print_first_and_last(sentence)<br>Ex25.print_first_and_last_sorted(sentence)<br><br>puts "--------------"<br><br># Seperate code, nothing to do with module Ex25<br><br>puts "Let's practice everything."<br>puts 'You
d need to know 
bout escapes with \ that do \n newlines and \t tabs.'<br><br>poem = &amp;lt&amp;ltEND<br>\tThe lovely world<br>with logic so firmly planted<br>cannot discern \n the needs of love<br>nor comprehend passion from intuition<br>and requires an explanation<br>\n\t\twhere there is none.<br>END<br><br>puts "--------------"<br>puts poem<br>puts "--------------"<br><br># Separate code again, nothing to do with module 25 or the above section<br><br>five = 10 - 2 + 3 - 6<br>puts "This should be five: #{five}"<br><br>puts "--------------"<br><br><br>def secret_formula(started)<br>  jelly_beans = started * 500<br>  jars = jelly_beans / 1000<br>  crate = jars / 100<br>  return jelly_beans, jars, crate<br>end<br><br>start_point = 10000<br>beans, jars, crates = secret_formula(start_point)<br><br>puts "With a starting point of: #{start_point}"<br>puts "We'd have #{beans} beans, #{jars} jars, and #{crates} crates."<br><br>puts "--------------"<br><br>start_point = start_point / 10<br><br>puts "Now, with a starting point of: #{start_point}"<br>puts "We'd have #{beans} beans, #{jars} jars, and #{crates} crates."<br><br></pre>
      </div>
